Create 2020-10-20--sow-gomobile-ipfs.md (#105)
berty/community: meeting-notes/2020/Q4/2020-10-20--sow-gomobile-ipfs.md

> # SOW Update #1 - Gomobile IPFS - 20 Oct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# SOW Update - Gomobile IPFS - 20 Oct
```

> This is our second reporting and follow-up email regarding the gomobile-ipfs SOW. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is our second follow-up report regarding the gomobile-ipfs SOW. 
```
